,professor_name,school_name,star_rating,comments,race
0,Leslie  Looney,University Of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,4.7,"This class is hard, but its a two-in-one gen-ed knockout, and the content is very stimulating. Unlike most classes, you have to actually participate to pass. Sections are easy and offer extra credit every week. Very funny dude. Not much more I can say.",hispanic
20,Jans  Wager,Utah Valley University,4.5,Dr. Wager is a great professor. Her expectations were clear and she really wants to help you succeed. She was always entertaining and knew what she was talking about. I took her hybrid course which i would definitely recommend.,hispanic
40,Robert  Warden,Philadelphia University,3.4,This guy is a quack! You never understand what he is saying!,nh_white
48,Bryan  Eldredge,Utah Valley University,4.2,I took his online class as an elective and regretted taking it by the end. The information is interesting but he is a tough grader. His tests were hard and very confusing.,hispanic
66,William  Hollinrake,Des Moines Area Community College,1.6,"Took online course. Day after Midterms I was the *only* one who turned in the next assignment. Rest of the year was 3 people turning in their homework. Took off points for incorrect COMMENTS, not just incorrect code. hyper-specific. bad teacher. wouldnt even help me install the software properly, gave no link to online instructions either.",hispanic
86,Lauren  Baumbach,Philadelphia University,3.5,"Knows alot, the class is long and boring but she gives good notes.",nh_white
99,Beverly  Faunce,Gratz College (Regional Training Center),3.1,I loved the course I took with Beverly. I definitely got some practical information I could actually use.,hispanic
106,Deborah  Pluss,William Paterson University,4.1,"Pluss is hysterical and made COMM Research Methods bearable. There are no surprises here and the final is just the four quizzes she gave throughout the semester. Of those four, she drops the lowest one. There were 5 assignments, 5 quizzes (including the final). The material can be dry but that\'s not on her. she made a boring class fun, take her.",nh_white
129,Mary  Richardson,San Diego State University,3.9,She\'s cool. sometime laughs upsettingly loud but that\'s not from an evil intention. she enjoys teaching. class is about critical writing and provides fun discussion time. it goes in appropriate pace so it\'s easy to keep up. hw amount is moderate.,hispanic
146,Tracey  Francese,William Paterson University,3.4,Doesn\'t really teach the class. She just breaks us down into small groups and we have to read and do group discussions every class. Not much homework. Gives you study guides for the exam but doesnt really review. Overall dont take her if you dont like group discussions and if you can\'t teach yourself.,nh_white
163,Candice  White,University of Tennessee - Knoxville,3.7,Dr. White is one of the best professors I have ever had. She truly loves students and what she teaches. She is like a mother in the classroom. She is also really funny. She gives pop quizzes a lot and there is assigned reading.,nh_white
183,Pat  Ledbetter,North Central Texas College,3.5,"The most time consuming class I\'ve ever taken. She is a tough grader but very detailed in her feedback. Online class had 7 total papers and endless online discussions. I asked her a question about one of the papers and she was VERY rude about it. I\'ll admit I didn\'t read the entire assignment but still, she could\'ve been nicer about it.",hispanic
203,Juanita  Campos,University of Texas at San Antonio,3.4,"Professor Campos is the sweetest, most easy professor I\'ve had. I was nervous to take Spanish since I hadn\'t since HS. She makes the content easy, and really works with you if you miss anything but make sure to tell her ahead of time. Quizzes and exams are pretty easy as well. I would love to take her for Spanish II if she ever teaches it again.",hispanic
223,Ann  Lewald,Tennessee Tech University,3.7,"This is a remedial course for students who didn\'t score well on the ACT. Easy class. If you miss five times you automatically fail the course. All assignments are online, and it\'s up to you to complete them. If you don\'t miss any classes but fail the master exam you still pass the class. You don\'t get a credit but it goes on your transcript",hispanic
243,Hon  Linda,University of Florida,4.8,"Dr. Hon is an amazing human being. She is someone you would want in your life even as a friend! PR Research with her was great. Super helpful, willing to work with you and she was extremely understanding. I wish she taught another course to take her again.",nh_white
247,Ruben  Mouhiddan,The Art Institute of California - Los Angeles,2.6,I liked Ruben and what I learned from him. You just have to learn how to listen to him.,nh_white
255,Margaret  Mitchell,University of the Incarnate Word,4.9,"Mrs. Mitchell is definitely the best teacher I ever had. She is caring, motivational, and wants you to succeed. She is brilliant and gives amazing lectures. She can be a tough grader but clearly states what she is looking for. Be sure to participate in discussions, she loves that. MAM will not only teach you theatre, she will teach you life lessons",nh_black
261,Diane  Reid,Indiana University Southeast,4.5,She made it easy to give speeches in class. Loved how she made us do warmups on speech day.,nh_white
281,John  Cunningham,Skidmore College,2.6,You show JC the effort and he will respect you back. There is a lot of knowledge in his head and a genuine interest in the students. Once you demonstrate your commitment you\'ll be freed to take your creations as far as you want to.,nh_white
301,Wolfgang  Ziller,University of Pennsylvania,3.8,Takes time to provide useful examples,nh_white
305,Clark,Long Island University,1.5,"I studied more for this one class than all my classes combined and I am a pharmacy major. I received the highest grades on the midterm and final out of 12 people in the class and he still gave me a B! how does anyone get an A? Im glad I heard he left or hopefully fired. He does not care about the students, yet about boosting his ego.",nh_white
317,Sally  Mallory,University of Pennsylvania,3.3,"AWFUL WOMAN!!!extremely unfair and partial to stushe her ""favorites"" and totally fake. Never take her if possible.",nh_white
320,Deirdre  O\' Shea,University of Central Florida,4.2,"O\'shea is a easy professor is you do all of the online work, she\'s rude when you try to approach her outside of class. Her power points aren\'t very helpful, and her lectures do not help at all. Her directions when writing papers are very clear, but it is still difficult to receive a good score on them. The work is all online (quizzes and essays).",hispanic
340,Robin  Hochstrasser,University of Pennsylvania,2.8,An icon in his field. Personable with excellent taste,nh_white
343,Rich  Carter,Oregon State University,2.9,"Terrible professor, not clear, includes too much information, unwilling to listen to questions in class.",hispanic
363,Mara  Merlino,Truckee Meadows Community College,1.5,"Assignments are ridiculously above SOC 101 level, they are very unclear and constantly changing. Unbelieveably boring speaker. Rambles on about bizarre personal life. If she says she will do soemthing, she will not come through. PLEASE would the faculty do SOMETHING before she ruins more students\' interest in sociology?!?!",nh_white
365,Michael  Scarlatos,Pace University (all),2.3,"Save yourself the headache. If you are late, you\'ll probably sit in the corner with a dunce hat. He\'d make people sit along the wall if they were late. He spontaneously picks on people, it just gets annoying. The 1st day he lectures on his life from age 3-present time. You\'ll feel like you never graduated H.S. or that you\'re in the twilight zone.",hispanic
385,Tina  Keeble,Wilfrid Laurier University-Waterloo,2.8,"Mean, unapproachable, unhelpful",nh_black
396,Eleanor  Branch,Guilford College,3.4,"Slow to respond online, could have been due to small class size so less priority, but still..",nh_black
410,Virgina  Rivers,Truckee Meadows Community College,3.1,"GREAT class! I learned so much and the professor was fantastic. She even gives you an excellent study list prior to major exams. I found her course to be enjoyable. The labs were fun too. However, it is not a course for lazy students.............you must study.",nh_white
416,Mulloy  Robertson,Volunteer State Community College,1.9,"Very confusing professor. He will go on a tangent about cars, golf, wrestling, and friends for the entire class and it becomes entirely pointless to show up when he just confuses you more. I will say he is very helpful when it comes to extending due dates on homework and quizzes if you talk to him about it so he\'s not entirely bad.",nh_white
436,Dana  Baylard,Mt. San Jacinto College (all campuses),4.5,"One of my favorite teachers,. she is fun to be in class with and is very helpful with all the questions. I would defintely have her as a teacher again",hispanic
455,Mima  Petrovic,Ryerson University,3.8,No,nh_white
475,Joan  Krone,Denison University,2.4,"She cares about students, tries to be helpful, but sometimes she gives general/unhelpful feedback. The class is lecture-heavy for a practical class (Software Engineering). The lectures are kinda boring, she often uses jargons/big words, which sometimes give the impression that she doesn\'t know what she\'s talking about or have real-life experience.",nh_black
485,Nancy  Jones,La Salle University,4.4,"Not good at lecture. Makes material more confusing, than needs to be. She is very accessible and will work with you, if she see\'s that you are trying, which is her best quality! On exams, tends to put material that was briefly discussed.",nh_white
505,Jim  Pletcher,Denison University,3.6,"Professor Pletcher provided me with two classes during my time at Denison University as an exchange student. Behind a fairly tough facade hides a wonderfully engaged, intelligent and brilliant teacher and professor. His classes were inspiring and insightful and instrumental for me in determing my academic path. Pletcher comes highly recommded",nh_black
523,Anita  Hampton,Georgia State University Perimeter College - Decatur,2.2,She is not helpful,nh_black
535,Panos  Alexakos,Santa Fe College,4.1,Great prof. He really made me think about life and how I think about things. He challenged me to venture outside the box and question what I believe and why as objectively as I could. Really showed me how closed-minded I was. This class is a must for first years. Essays aren\'t hard. Just incorporate what he talks about in lecture. READ THE BOOKS!,hispanic
555,Jeffrey  Kent,Volunteer State Community College,3.7,He\'s really smart and a good teacher. He gives a lot of extra credit for showing up to review sessions and open labs and will explain things you have problems with. He\'s my favorite A&P prof I\'ve had so far.,nh_white
575,Bill  Sanders,University of Hartford,2.1,"This class has nothing to do with the course description. It is a web design class and I don\'t know why it\'s not being displayed as one. Sanders is a really nice guy but he doesn\'t know how to teach. His tests are hard, he doesn\'t know what he\'s doing in class, and excepts you to know everything. Unless you\'re a MWD major, don\'t take this class.",nh_white
595,Angelica  Vessella,Rhode Island College,4.4,"She is an amazing instructor, who has much knowledge.",nh_white
615,Ian  Gellatly,University of Alberta,3.0,He\'s an OK prof. Lectures are dry but mandatory as he has weekly quizes that count for 15 percent of your total mark. 4 midterms no final and exams are all written and very easy. No need to buy the textbook even though he says you have to. Read the powerpoints and come to quiz days and you will get an A.,nh_white
634,Karen  Carr,Rhode Island College,3.3,"She wasn\'t a bad teacher, but not someone I would recommend to anyone else. She makes you read a lot of books which isn\'t great but as long as you aren\'t an English major you\'ll be fine. We were supposed to have five papers and we only did three, and she cancelled class like four times",nh_white
654,Wayne Charles  Hippo,Pennsylvania State University - Altoona,4.5,pretty easy class..this guy owns a lawfirm though so it is early in the morning. i hate getting up early and i still managed to ace the class. tests are m/c and easy if you review your notes well. he also curved all the tests in my class. make sure you pay close attention cause he doens\'t repeat himself oftern. TAKE THIS GUY! STUDY ALL YOUR NOTES!,nh_white
656,Sue  Davis,Denison University,3.5,She is old-fashioned in her approach to teaching the subject matter. She is definitely not a political scientist and is probably best suited for a different discipline altogether. I found her courses to be poor preparation for graduate school.,nh_black
669,Melody  Ward,Rhode Island College,4.9,"I loved her. I have to agree with the person below me though, she can be pretty rude at times. Class was a lot of fun!!",nh_white
673,Sharon  Teague,Rhode Island College,2.3,"okay, true this was a very demanding class. she gives a lot work for you to complished in the semester. I felt very overwhelmed sometimes but she is truly just trying to teach us a lot of material in one semester. she is a very nice lady and keeps you on your toes in class. Im glad I took her but I am also glad that I never have to take her again!",nh_white
698,Carol  McClure,California State University Fullerton,2.5,"I\'ll admit i did learn a lot in this class. BUT it was one of the hardest classes i\'ve ever taken. You have to study for all the tests, or there\'s no way you\'ll pass. Pretty much everything on the test is essay questions, and she grades hard..but if you\'re dedicated and take the time to study you\'ll do good.",hispanic
718,Vincent  Sherry,Villanova University,3.3,No Comments,hispanic
720,Charles  Cherry,Villanova University,4.2,"Professor Cherry was a great professor. Although he was hard of hearing, he consistently did his best to get everyone involved in class. It is unfortunate that he is retiring to become a surf instructor in California as he will be missed by the entire Villanova community.",hispanic
728,Ionna  Ghenciu,University of North Texas,3.6,"I had him as a permasub the last month of class. He saved the class from a bad teacher. He went back and retaught everything, making sure we knew the material. Accent isn\'t that bad. Talks about math on a personal level instead of math terms. If the grade on your final is better than your overall, he gives you that grade. Nice guy. Approachable.",nh_black
734,Joann  Hilton,Anne Arundel Community College (all campuses),4.5,"I couldn\'t stand her as a teacher. That said, her class helped me become a better writer. That helped me in college as well as my career. I owe her a big ""thank you"".",hispanic
739,Paul  Grobstein,Bryn Mawr College,3.5,Paul was amazing. He was so helpful in and out of class. I learned so much in his class because we talked about EVERYTHING. I wish I could thank him for everything he did for me.,nh_white
754,Penny  Foster,Anne Arundel Community College (all campuses),3.0,"One of the worst professors I\'ve ever had. She tells you to follow the directions carefully but the directions could not be more unclear. She initially introduced herself as the head of the computer and technology department at AACC, but there is absolutely no way that\'s true. If it is, shame on you AACC. She doesn\'t know ANYTHING about computers",hispanic
773,Dennis  Crockett,Whitman College,4.7,"Crockett\'s the most hilarious professor I\'ve ever had, and he\'s retiring soon. Trust me, no matter what your major is you will NOT regret taking one of his classes.",nh_white
781,Thomas  Boyle,Brooklyn College,2.9,"The easiest guy you could have found in the whole Brooklyn College English department for this course. I was lucky to have found him, we read couple of stories wrote two papers and one final paper for the semester, and the entire class got an A. Thats Amazing and Kool. He is not teaching any more, but we need Professors like him.",nh_white
801,Kurt  Panter,Bowling Green State University,3.1,"He is a very immature guy. He believes he is always right even when he is not. I\'ve had to schedule with him, but believes it is my fault even though I gave him at least two weeks notice. He treats students as kids and not as adults.",nh_black
819,Itzhak  Kerstein,Brooklyn College,4.2,I took him for 2 semesters of Hebrew and he was one of the greatest professors I ever had.,nh_white
833,Alvin  Snadowsky,Brooklyn College,4.5,You can\'t go wrong with this professor. He has a genuine interest in helping you learn the material and is flexible.,nh_white
852,Ian  McMahan,Brooklyn College,3.5,"Laziest professor I have ever met. Attendance not mandatory just have to read the book, his book, and THE WHOLE THING front to back. He tells you what he says in class is not important because its in the book. READ, know the terms and he\'ll give you everyone the same grade, a b+",nh_white
872,Charles  Green,Hunter College,2.3,The hardest easy A you will ever get. Sitting through this class is absolute torture. I do not understand how someone who does so little can still be a professor. Do NOT take his class. The A is not worth it.2,nh_white
892,Matthew  Erdelyi,Brooklyn College,2.6,"Had him for Intro to personality. His lectures are unclear. He goes off topic a lot. It was hard to grasp much in his class; SUPERRRR boring. He also makes you buy his his own books which is $100 for both. Decent guy, bad prof.",nh_white
912,Harihar  Khanal,Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University,2.9,"Dr. Khanal knows what he\'s talking about, but he isn\'t always the clearest about expressing that. The assignments can have unclear directions a lot of the time. But for most of the labs, he\'ll walk you through exactly what you need to do.",nh_white
932,Robert  Brannon,Brooklyn College,4.1,"Take note of EVERY WORD that comes out of his mouth. He WOULD test you on it. Also read the text because he would test you on that also. In all it\'s about 120 multiple choice questions in 2 hrs. He gives credit for good attendance also. Other than that - he is a nice professor, very fair and to the point, and the class is interesting.",nh_white
952,Robert  Lecker,McGill University,2.7,"A pretty tough grader, and I\'d say that if he agrees with what you\'re saying, you\'ll do well. Grading is subjective anyways, but he takes it to a new level. Personally, I didn\'t like him too much. The material was pretty interesting on the other hand. My TA this year was incredible though!",nh_white
972,Weinberger,Brooklyn College,3.8,"She is the cutest, funniest, most dramatic professor ever. The information she presents is organized and she always allows for some extra credit.",nh_white
992,Daniel  Kurylo,Brooklyn College,3.3,"The tests can be difficult, but he prepares you well via in class lectures. He keeps the lectures engaging by constantly sharing anecdotes and telling jokes. Attendance is only 4% of the grade, but if you don\'t come to class, be prepared to fail.",nh_white
1012,Andrew  Delamater,Brooklyn College,3.2,"Good teacher. No HW or quizzes, just exams. Exams were difficult but open book. If you show up to lecture every day and ask questions it shouldnt be too hard. Also his grading rubric is VERY generous",nh_white
1032,Israel  Abramov,Brooklyn College,2.8,"THIS PROFESSOR IS TERRIBLE. TERRIBLE. TERRIBLE. AVOID AT ALL COSTS, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. THIS PROFESSOR GIVES 3 EXAMS WHICH ARE MULTIPLE CHOICE BUT EXTREMELY DIFFICULT. EXTREMELY. IT GETS BETTER THOUGH... THE FINAL IS 100 MC QUESTIONS WHICH IS CUMULATIVE FROM THE BEGINNING OF THE SEMESTER. SAVE YOUR GPA, TAKE THIS WITH SOMEONE ELSE!!!",nh_white
1052,John  MacKo,Pennsylvania College of Technology,3.9,"Very easy going and helpful. Great teacher, I learned so much from him.",nh_white
1058,Aaron  Kozbelt,Brooklyn College,4.7,"He\'s such a gen. He genuinely cares that you understand. He\'all answer any questions. There\'s some homework but it\'s fair and the lab helps you do it. He\'s great really. He knows what he\'s doing, gives reviews.",nh_white
1078,Dorathea  Halpert,Brooklyn College,2.3,this is by far the worst class i have ever taken in bc because of this teacher!!! a really interesting topic can truly be ruined by the teacher. the only way to do DECENTLY is to read all 15 chapters at least 3 times which is ipossible!! she is so unclear and talks about EVERYTHING other than the class subject! RUN!!!,nh_white
1098,Phillip  Anz-Meador,Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Worldwide,3.9,"He obviously knows his stuff, but his teaching methods don\'t really help. It\'s either only theory without showing how to apply to any problem, or he gives an example problem with a solution method that only works on that problem. I found that going to tutoring was a better way to learn the material. I would recommend him over some other teachers",nh_white
1118,Thomas  Pynadath,Kent State University,1.8,Insulting and condescending. Still got a B+ in his class.,nh_black
1127,Solomon  Eisenberg,Boston University,1.8,"He already doesnt care about you.\r Has all of the personailty traits we hate\r condesending, self-centered, pompous\r \r If you want a challenge be my guest.",nh_black
1130,Kenneth  Loparo,Case Western Reserve University,3.8,No Clear Enough. He seems not understand the lecture..,nh_white
1150,Thomas  Hirschl,Cornell University,3.0,"I\'ll try to be objective and critical, something that this professor is not. The most BS class I\'ve ever taken. His lectures are tangental, without evidence and leaves you thinking that only 85% of what he said is true. His exam questions are his interpretations of the readings, not the author\'s actual points. Any answer could be correct.",nh_white
1170,Michael  Scanlin,Elizabethtown College,4.3,"never attend and you will receive an A. Easiest professor I have ever taken, and one of the kindest.",nh_white
1189,Peter  Jurs,Pennsylvania State University,3.2,"I had Jurs for my chem freshman seminar. The class was possibly the most pointless ever. Assignments were easy, but too much so. Grades are partially attendance-based, so go to the beginning of class, sign in, and get out of there when you find an excuse.",nh_white
1209,Ryan  Stark,Pennsylvania State University,4.8,The best English professor I have had here at Penn State. Classes are creative and stimulating. I always leave thinking how I can improve my writing style. Very encouraging and works more towards developing your writing style rather than merely a critique. Highly recommend.,nh_white
1229,Ashraf  Shirani,San Jose State University,3.5,"This is a terrible professor who does not care about his students. His homework assignment instructions are vague and if you write a wrong code but has the same output he will show no mercy. He does not explain things well, but expects you to retain the information anyway. I do not know how he is still a professor here at SJSU. Worst experience.",nh_black
1249,Martha  Browne,Pasadena City College,2.4,One word. NIGHTMARE,hispanic
1269,Jean  Craig-Teerlink,California College of the Arts,2.9,one of the worst teachers I had at cca,hispanic
1282,Donna  Chambers,Millersville University,4.8,"Awesome. Very helpful and organized. Kind person, so don\'t be afraid to ask for help. Always looking out for her students. Knows what she\'s doing.",nh_white
1297,Kathy  Brooks,Centralia College,5.0,AWESOME teacher,hispanic
1300,Tom  Johnson,San Francisco State University,2.5,"He\'s a smart guy and loves technology (most people his age are technophobes, so it\'s good he knows how to use a computer). His online tests are nice because you can retake them as many times as you want untill you get 100% (except the last test, the final). But he\'s soooo borring. I\'d never fallen asleep in a class until I took his class in Fall of 2003. You can learn some good stuff if you pay attention, and that\'s a big if. Very dry and borring. Class isn\'t to hard though.",nh_white
1320,John  Moliassa,University of Michigan - Flint,4.3,Hes alright but the hype is really unjustified. His rating should be around 3.0. Lectures are out of the book and homework problems are obviously way different than the generic book examples. Weekly quizzes on the unit circle got old after awhile when one little mistake could cause a 60%. Not a bad guy though,hispanic
1340,Roger  Strong,Lone Star College (all),3.5,He will kick your butt and you will thank him for it. Our class went from 30 students to less than 10 by midterms. Read his powerpoints as he leaves clues as to what he will test on. Listen to his advice and study at least 24 hours a week. Make your own study guides. You have to put in the effort but he will work with you to help you succeed.,hispanic
1360,Carl  Pratt,Immaculata University,4.3,Timely on grading. He made the subject interesting and used thought provoking questions and great examples. I would look for this teacher for future classes.,nh_white
1370,Mary  Winn,La Salle University,3.1,"RUN FAR AWAY. I repeat do not take it. She was aware her entire class was full of nursing majors and were forced to take this class for our core classes and made sure she made it as difficult as possible. Her lectures are dragged on and she talks about the same topic for 45 minutes. Also, the power points do not help. They are literally 4 slides.",nh_white
1390,Deidre  Condit,Virginia Commonwealth University,3.6,"Love this professor! She\'s a little disorganized, but it\'s not too bad because she\'s super lenient on assignments and always very helpful. She\'s so passionate about the material, which really engages you. She is the type of professor you will remember years down the road when you look back at your education. Take this professor! You\'ll learn a lot.",nh_white
1410,Marlos  Scrimger,University of Michigan - Flint,4.3,Marlos is a great instructor. She has a wealth of knowledge and I always learn a lot in all of the classes I take with her. The friendliest professor in the department.,hispanic
1430,Thomas  Cooke,University of Connecticut,3.2,"I enjoyed this class. There\'s 5 modules and you get 3 weeks for each one. There\'s a few assignments, a blog post, and a quiz each module. Totally doable amount of work. Only thing is, for the blog you need to work with your group and a lot of people wait until the last minute. Cooke was very helpful and informative either way. Highly recommended!",nh_white
1450,Lashun  Griffin,Lone Star College (all),3.0,"Professor griffin is very rude . She missed class at least three times for personal reasons, which is fine , life happens !!! But lets hope it doesnt happen to you because she will give you an F for missed assignments ! No late turn ins. She is unreasonable . Rude. And unhappy . I worked extremely hard and still for a D . Her grading is bias.",hispanic
1470,Ellis  Jones,Sacramento City College,4.4,"A very unhelpful professor who prefers breaking up into groups four times in one class than actually teaching. Said during office hours that he does not give full credit at all. He is highly knowledgeable, but just a little odd man on a power trip.",hispanic
1487,Peter  Kuhlman,Denison University,4.8,Dr. Kuhlman is the best teacher in the chemistry department. Students will fight to get his class during registration. He is very helpful outside of class and explains his logic very clearly. However he places a lot of class percentage on tests.,nh_black
1504,Vike,Widener University,4.1,"Hiss class is hard, but he is a good professor. He is very clear when he lecures...if you pay attention and come to class you will do well. If you need his class just to fill a requirement then i would not recommd him because he does have an easy a class. He is very good though",nh_white
1511,Desmond  Hamlet,Denison University,2.7,"I took him for an FYS and I thought he was really funny! His laugh is hysterical! I\'m not an English major, so he might be difficult. He wasn\'t that hard for the FYS.",nh_black
1531,Eric  Winters,Denison University,3.6,Dr. Winters is a great professor! He will spend a significant amount of time helping you if you need it. He is passionate about his work and puts in a lot of effort to push students to get out of their comfort zones and think about topics in a more abstract manner. If you want to get an A in his class you have to be willing to work hard.,nh_black
1541,Orlando  Pascoa,Chabot College,4.8,"A very easy teacher. Very lenient if you miss assignments. Nice guy, too. Very friendly. If he\'s an option for whatever class you\'re picking, pick him for sure.",nh_white
1547,Melissa  Knous,Angelina College,4.8,"Made the class interesting. Even enjoyed Oedipus, but no body can help Othello. She helped me to understand and enjoy English. I think she\'s a fantastic teacher and would take her again in a heart beat. Test are tuff though, ya have to read the material and study. Always an essay, but if you study you\'ll get it. And she is hot!!!",nh_white
1556,Kathryn  Denning,York University (all campuses),4.1,Should have taken another course. Not helpful. Not relevant. Ideas are absurd. Content useless.,hispanic
1576,Darcy  Irvin,University of California Davis,4.2,"Hard grader, but her comments are very helpful. Very friendly and approachable. Lots of reading and critical analysis of the text. Took the class during summer and had to write 3 papers, no midterms, and a fairly difficult final. Lots of in-class writing. I would recommend her if you want to improve your writing and analysis skills",hispanic
1592,Paul  Bender,Ohio Northern University,3.1,"He says that a \'B\' is a good grade and that a \'C\' is not bad, and he believes it. He\'s friendly and easy to talk to, but just following his advice won\'t get you an \'A\'...you have to go beyond the requirements and defend every point if you want the grade. Also, make sure you speak out in class and be prepared for pop quizzes.",hispanic
1609,Burlon  Wilkerson,Angelina College,2.6,"Make sure everything is turned in correctly, you will not pass if you accadintally forget something, I heard that she is great if you go and talk to her in person, but she does not understand how to use technology in the least. She will give zeroes if she feels need, and even if she dosen\'t.",nh_white
1629,Carol  Bennet,Western Michigan University,4.3,Great teacher! Very helpful and cares about her students. She gives assignments that are worthwhile to class.,nh_white
1639,Kristen  Asplin,University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg,4.5,Intro to psych was easy. She doesn\'t put her powerpoints online so don\'t skip class. Make sure to study notes AND book bc she puts questions on the exams that we didn\'t cover In class.,nh_white
1659,Kate  Greene,University of Southern Mississippi,4.0,"Kate doesn\'t care what anyone thinks and it\'s awesome. She a feminist and Buddhist with very strong political opinions she won\'t see for herself. Class discussions are always fun, If you have a problem with other people\'s opinions don\'t take her classes.",nh_white
1679,Carey  Hissey,Oklahoma State University,4.4,"Best instructor ever! Be prepared to work, work, work. If you do, and you listen and take criticism, the world is yours. Carey will prepare you for anything. Although her classes are 3 hrs/day 2/wk if you come prepared and show initiative you can usually be let go to work on your own. She will allow you to succeed on your own if you can.",hispanic
1687,David  Pearson,Case Western Reserve University,3.8,"This class is hard. You will put in 3-4 hours of hw, and this must be done right since it is graded. Oh and you will be doing this blind, with no prior guidance. Class tries to cover too much material which never gets tested away.",nh_white
1691,Chris  Ramsey,Oklahoma State University,3.3,"Chris is a thoughtful, and conscientious professor. He\'s not always exactly crystal clear with his instructions, but if you have an I.Q. higher than that of an earthworm you can usually figure out what he\'s talking about, and if you have questions just ask him, he\'s really approachable. He expects a lot out of you, and that\'s a good thing.",hispanic
1700,David  Rayson,Normandale Community College,4.7,"Overall, he\'s just fine. He seems to push his political stance on students every chance he gets and argues with students when they don\'t agree with him. After a while I stopped attending class and still got 100%. If you turn your papers in he will give you the credit and probably not even read them. Its more graded on completion than anything else.",nh_white
1720,Arthur  Kroker,University of Victoria,3.9,He is fascinated by what he teaches and it actually inspired me to learn - not many teachers can do that. He really cares about his students. Asks us questions to make sure he is teaching the subject well enough. One of my favourite professors.,hispanic
1729,Ted  Tarkow,University of Missouri - Columbia,4.5,"Professor Tarkow makes any topic interesting. I had him for two separate classes, and it was obvious that he really cares about his students and his classes. He can explain any concept and make it easy to understand, but he also pushes you to discover things for yourself. You get out what you put in, so definitely do the required readings.",nh_black
1742,Max  Smith,Normandale Community College,3.8,"Professor Smith will make you work for an A, but it IS achievable! Stay ahead with your papers, writing a paper the night before will not cut it. The worst thing you can do to yourself is skip his class. Pop quizzes are frequent, but easy if you take notes when he lectures and review them!! Put in the work, you will do great!",nh_white
1762,Jeff  Price,Oklahoma State University,3.3,he was down to earth and polite. very compassionate toward every student and says hello if he recognizes you around campus. his passion for students is unrivaled among any other professors at OSU,hispanic
1778,Lowell  Taylor,Carnegie Mellon University,4.7,PhD Microeconomics,nh_white
1784,James  Davig,Wharton County Junior College,2.0,"He will help you out when you need it. He confused me on alot of things, but hes a good man. Accounting isn\'t the easiest thing to teacher...",nh_white
1794,Brenda  Nordenstam,SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry,1.2,"Totally boring. You have to go to class to get the handouts, but it\'s really hard to stay awake.",nh_white
1799,Colin  Jerolmack,Hunter College,4.8,"Absolutely the best I\'ve ever had. Really cares about his students, will take the time to help you. Not an easy class, but he makes even the most boring stuff interesting and understandable. Excellent!",nh_white
1814,Ian  Wojcik-Andrews,Eastern Michigan University,3.7,"Ian is a wonderful professor! He\'s thoughtful, understanding, and he loves a good class discussion. No quizzes, no test, just two writing assignments and a presentation. He gives great feedback on everything. He sometimes shares food with the class (ask about his walnut paté), but he never shares the recipes - no matter how often you ask! :)",nh_white
1834,Daniel  Laskarin,University of Victoria,3.8,One of the best in the department.,hispanic
1852,Amin  Ibrahim,University of Texas Rio Grande Valley (all campuses),4.0,"Great professor. Clear on explaining Chem, have to say I learned a lot by taking his class.. I definitely recommend him",hispanic
1872,Lynne  Schubert,DeVry University,1.4,"i got a C in the class, but would of got an A+ for knowing she will get fired soon.",nh_white
1892,Christopher  Bracken,University of Alberta,3.0,"Professor Bracken does not deserve the bad rep he gets. He is an amazing professor, not a tough grader at all, just realistic for a 200-level english class. His lectures are very well organized and he provides good feedback on how to improve for your next essays.",nh_white
1912,Kim  Finn,DeVry University,4.5,"Very easy class. Gives lots of reviews and even let us use open note for every quiz/test. Basically just show up, take notes, and talk once in a while and you\'ll do great.",nh_white
1932,Rose  Vydelingum,DeVry University,2.8,"me very hard working student & I take things very serious. She is 2 cold and her way is right way. Her thread discussion is plain useless & WASTE of time 4 every1. I would NOT recommend anyone 2 take her. If I ever have her again in my wildest dream, I swear 2 god me going 2 drop out of her class 4 I breath with the same air as she is. I hate her",nh_white
1941,Robert  Christie,DeVry University,3.0,"Great professor: everyone complains that he makes you sing and dance if you\'re late, just don\'t be late. He definitely broke me out of my shell and made public speaking easier on me. TAKE CHRISTIE! He knows what he\'s doing and does it so it\'s fun!",nh_white
1961,Kenneth  Riegle,University of California Irvine,3.1,If you want santa to give you a lesson take this class. One of the toughest classes I\'ve taken at UCI only because you have to do lots of work outside of class. He talks to us like we know the material because its trivial to him. There is a lot to memorize. Powerpoints and study guide are useless. Just record lecture. Go to class. Study hard.,nh_white
1976,Anthony  Zoccolilo,DeVry University,4.3,"Everything Professor Zoccolillo says is admirable. One of my favorites is, ""It\'s about living in a world where our lives and our assumptions about each other intersect, and yes, crash, and how we live and love and hurt and hate each other--and ourselves.""",nh_white
1992,George  Curry,SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry,4.5,"Remains well versed in knowledge but has become burdened with fund raising, out-reach, and departmental issues which occupy a majority of his time instead of teaching.",nh_white
2000,Scott  Bergeson,Brigham Young University,4.0,"Whether or not you like him will depend on your style. Dr. B gives a lot of hw and tests frequently. This is actually helpful because you get a lot of opportunities to make corrections to your grade. 7 or 8 tests total, 3 of which are in class with a group. He talks a lot and often doesn\'t finish lecture, so prepare to spend time in the TA help lab",nh_black
2020,Guy  King,California State University Chico,3.9,"Professor King makes this class easy to pass as long as you do the reading, answer the study guide questions, and take the quizes and final exam (cumulative). There are no lectures for this class.",hispanic
2040,Debra  Clarke,Columbia College,4.5,Great teacher and always ready to help you if you can put in efforts,hispanic
2055,Leah  Kaser,Columbia College,3.5,"she is very patient, never get mad or angry, gives back fair marks, very friendly",hispanic
2063,Irv  Englander,Bentley University,3.2,Currently taking this class. Englander is an excellent professor. The material is hard but if you pay attention its really not that bad. Tests are challenging but you can bring a page of notes and he is generous with points. I definitely recommend taking a class with Irv. He\'s worked with computers since they were invented and he knows his stuff.,nh_white
2083,Husam  Quereshi,Foothill College,4.0,I got a B!!! I got a B!!! For the first time in my life I understood Math. Prof. Quereshi is very helpful! Take him if you have a very difficult time with numbers. Just be sure to do homework and ask questions if you need help. :) YEY QUERESHI!!!,nh_white
2103,Burkard  Eberlein,York University (all campuses),3.6,quite good proffesor,hispanic
2117,Ananya  Mukherjee Reed,York University (all campuses),3.3,"I regret taking her class... So many better professors at York, in my opinion. I really do think there are many more qualified professors at the institution than her to be chair/dean. Also found her class really boring. She\'s a decent person over all though.",hispanic
2134,Mason  Dykstra,University of California Santa Barbara,3.0,"Mason was soo funny. i love his sense of humor. and he had a great dog when i visted him in his office hours. and outside the building he had hours in it said, ""no dogs allowed"" it was fantastic.",hispanic
2137,Mustafa  Karakul,York University (all campuses),3.8,"The prof is ok. The material is easy, but not the 2 tests. Huge amount of easy calculation in short time and you need show them in details are not easy even the tests are very straight forward. The marker is a litter bit tough. You must attend to tutorial if you want good mark, the TA give your hint of exam.",hispanic
2157,Hassan  Qudrat-Ullah,York University (all campuses),2.6,tough gradrer,hispanic
2177,Lorra  Weatherspoon,Michigan State University,4.5,No Comments,nh_white
2179,Danilo  Fernando,SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry,3.1,"Relies completely on exam grades, which can make the class really difficult. Get the textbook and look over anything he may have skimmed because it seems everything is fair game for his exams. He teaches on very specific topics for such a broad course that\'s supposed to cover all of plant evolution.",nh_white
2193,Todd  Comer,Michigan State University,2.8,Great guy.,nh_white
2196,Martha  McCluskey,University at Buffalo (SUNY Buffalo),1.6,Terrible professor. Learning Latin would be clearer than listening to this woman\'s lectures. She is all over the place and does not explain anything well. She gives paragraphs of instructions for an answer she expects to be a few sentences. Welcome to Hell,nh_white
2211,Jon  Vredevoogd,Michigan State University,3.6,"Fantastic professor. Had him for several classes. If there were more profs like Jon, I\'d have a PhD!",nh_white
2221,William  Addeo,Anne Arundel Community College (all campuses),2.0,Nice man but makes Math extremely confusing. Over half of my class dropped. I got an A but it was from studying the book myself and being decent at math already.,hispanic
2235,Robert  Bender,University of Texas at Dallas,4.8,"Bob is awesome, end of story. Take him and don\'t look back. Makes a tough subject easy. Lectures reflect the test directly.",hispanic
2255,Kathleen  Sinning,Western Michigan University,4.7,"One of my hardest classes yet. She grades tough, but is pretty fair. Make sure you go to class for the in class problems, as well as doing the take home problems. She knows a lot about her field. She ended up curving our overall grade even though she does not curve tests.",nh_white
2275,Robert  Dinero,Philadelphia University,1.6,"Hard grader but overall funny, interesting, and knowledgeable teacher.",nh_white
2282,Carole  Waterhouse,California University of Pennsylvania,4.4,Loved Dr. Waterhouse she\'s so understanding and sweet. She really wants us to do our best. She made class interesting and always let us leave early as long as we finished the assignments given,nh_white
2302,Joan  Lobo,Ryerson University,3.3,Outstanding prof. The very best.,nh_white
2322,Frank  Giarratani,University of Pittsburgh,3.8,"Lectures are boring, but what else can you expect from introductory econ? Read the textbook, do the weekly online quizzes, and try the optional homework assignments because some of the same questions will show up on tests. Do that and you\'ll be fine, whether you go to lecture or not. 3 exams, all multiple choice, and no cumulative final.",nh_white
2342,Darlene  Schoenly,Alvernia University,4.1,No Comments,nh_white
2360,George  Williams,Union College,3.0,George Williams is one of the greatest guys out there. I took many classes with Willy G and always found his lectures to be very enjoyable.,nh_white
2364,Kathleen  Ochshorn,University of Tampa,4.1,"Dr. Ochshorn is such a sweet lady. The class is based around 4 essays which are easy as long as you put in a little effort, then there are readings due every class with pop quizzes that are easy if you read (drops lowest quiz grade). Lectures can be a bit boring but, she always lets you out of class early. Sweet lady would recommend",nh_white
2384,Margaret  Sweet,Lansing Community College,3.6,She is kind of a hippie but none the less as long as you attend and are involved you will get a good grade!,nh_black
2404,Greta  Vollmer,Sonoma State University,3.2,English with Greta is very laid back. She\'s a good teacher and likes to engage the class a lot. I wouldn\'t say she\'s a hard grader but you get what you put in. She really likes participation and gives reading assignments for homework. The reading can be boring but isn\'t too long. It\'s very possible to receive an A in her class.,hispanic
2421,Mark  Liff,Philadelphia University,3.3,"Worst teacher I ever had. Has no clue what he is talking about. He teaches a concept, decides it is wrong and reteaches it again but tests you on the ""wrong one"" I took Advanced Honors Physics in high school and got an A but struggled to get a C in this class. I basically self-taught in this class.",nh_white
2441,Lynn  Curtright,Tallahassee Community College,3.1,"Very great teach, sad that he his leaving. One of my favorite professors & he is truly hilarious.",nh_white
2461,Rex  Abert,Tallahassee Community College,3.7,"He is probably one of the worst professors I\'ve had. He\'s horrible at explaining what will be on the test, spends the entire class period just doing examples but never fully explains the subject. This class should have been easy, and all of my friends who have a different professor are doing good, but because he\'s a bad teacher I\'m not doing well.",nh_white
2481,Liz  Dameron,Tallahassee Community College,4.8,make 7 copies of the practice exam and continue doing it until your successful. make copies of the lessons and do along with her videos. in lab do all homework first then your quizzes. Your quizzes are what\'s on the test so practice the unit exam too.,nh_white
2501,Matthew  Unger,Tallahassee Community College,4.8,"Defiantly recommend!. took him for my western humanities, and signing up with him again for east/west humanities. Explains everything very clearly, and sets a good pace. Very nice teacher",nh_white
2521,Andrea  Neves,Sonoma State University,2.3,I have never met a Professor who is so rude and condescending to students. She would humiliate students in my class on a regular basis. Obviously thinks the world of herself...talks about herself constantly. Very harsh grading and gives TONS of very dry reading. I would never recommend a class with her.,hispanic
2536,Manuel  Daniels,Tallahassee Community College,2.9,This class is no joke. He give 6 tests the whole semester and drops the lowest test score. If u do the extra credit that\'s 11 points. So if u have 69% and did all the extra credit you\'d have a B in the class. He is pretty helpful if you go to his office. The class is hard as hell..i wouldnt take the class again.if u like science this will be ya boy,nh_white
2556,Jennifer  Jossendal,Kishwaukee College,3.1,"Very real professor who gives no BS. She tells you the way it is and what the history really was like. She gives her opinion (which tend to be very strong), but hears other peoples opinions and respects them. Learned so many great things from this class and professor; highly recommend!",nh_white
2576,Griswold,Kishwaukee College,1.8,tedious,nh_white
2588,Laurie  Folgate,Kishwaukee College,2.0,doesn\'t explain things well.,nh_white
2590,John  Bland,Kishwaukee College,5.0,very kind,nh_white
2592,Morna  Livingston,Philadelphia University,2.3,WORST TEACHER,nh_white
2612,Steve  Grout,Philadelphia University,4.6,Great history professor and always prepared for class. Easy to talk to and is willing to help if you need it. Take Grout hes one of the best history profs,nh_white
2632,Robert  Coleman-Senghor,Sonoma State University,2.9,He changed my life for the better.,hispanic
2652,John  Burk,University of Pittsburgh,4.9,John Burk is a great professor! I failed Business Calc the first time but after taking him I actually started understanding. He gives a good bit of homework but it all helps for the exams that he gives.,nh_white
2672,Norma  Thompson,Yale University,3.8,"Professor Thompson was a great section leader. She was able to control the direction of the class with leaders dialogue; when a guiding hand was needed it was offered, but most of the time we were on our own, discussionf the great works in the corriculum. to be fair, her thucydides lecture was not one of the best of the semester and some have peg",nh_white
2674,Patrick  Hersey,Fanshawe College,4.1,HE IS A GREAT PERSON WITH SO KIND HEART. I AM SO THANKFUL THAT I MET A PERSON LIKE CHEF HERSEY AND GOT A LOT OF THINGS TO LEARN.,nh_white
2681,Gabrielle  Michaelis,Cumberland County College,4.7,was the absolute greatest math teacher ive ever had. She was a sexy woman and could make a 3hr math class very entertaining. I am absolutely crushed she is retired.,nh_white
2701,Carol  Solon,Norwalk Community College,4.4,"Speech is a very scary course for many people. I did very well in this class with her support. She is witty and helpful. I especially appreciated how she helped students with fear, who were shy or English Language Learners build their confidence. I wish she taught more classes.",nh_white
2706,Pantaleon  Pangelinan Jr,Southwestern College,4.5,"He is definitely one of the best electronics instructors I\'ve ever studied under. Very knowledgeable in the subject. His explanations are clear. As long as you do the homework and required labs, you should get an A or a B. The only bad thing about the class is the schedule. 6:30PM to 9:15 PM. Sometimes he lets us leave a little bit early.",nh_white
2710,Tim  Wandling,Sonoma State University,3.3,"Tim\'s a cool professor who cares about his students, -sometimes really hard to reach outside of class. Lectures felt very long sometimes because he tends to talk a lot sometimes, but makes them more interesting with visual aids. There\'s a lot of reading that we did, but he breaks it up so if you keep up you\'ll be fine! Looking forward to part 2/2.",hispanic
2730,Sparkle  Raymond,Northern Virginia Community College (all campuses),5.0,She is probably one of the best teachers I have ever had. Makes it fun. She is hilarious and good at teaching. She can make it interesting and gives easy tests. She is helpful and very nice. Couldnt ask for a better teacher. Youll be lucky if you take one of her classes.,hispanic
2732,Fred  Stewart,Texas A&M University at Commerce,4.4,"make sure to do the story ideas. Do your beats as well. Buy the required book, most of the coursework is AP style. He cancels class to give students more time to work on the assignments.",nh_white
2752,David  Gallaher,Carlow University,3.8,"O-Chem 2 is a difficult class. . Dr.G Focuses more on the mechanism of the reactions and few problems here and there. Although this may not be efficient for most students, he really wants you to succeed. He makes it possible to earn 100% on at least one of the 4 exams -we got lucky for 2 (this is huge!!). He wants you to try- you slack; you fail",nh_white
2772,Roberta  Nye,Pennsylvania State University- Lehigh Valley,2.5,"She doesn\'t really teach, it\'s mostly watching movies on the chapters, and the movies are boring. She grades really easily & the assignments are easy.",nh_white
2778,Kenny  Peters,Carlow University,3.3,"He\'s an awesome professor! If you pay attention and copy all his class notes, you can easily get an A in his class. We had a quiz every Friday (about 3-5 questions) and 4 tests in total. He does assign homework, but it\'s just so you can get extra practice and he doesn\'t even grade it. I will definitely take him again!",nh_white
2798,Jj  Wilson,Sonoma State University,4.3,"JJ made you work hard but she was so knowledgeable, I learned a lot. She cared about whether her students were doing well. Even though she seemed strict and tough to talk with, she was pretty easy to talk to once you initiated it. And she would bring scones for AM classes and snacks and tea for PM classes!",hispanic
2806,Laura  Colbert,Harper College,3.0,"I dreaded speech class and Laura made it fun. As long as you follow her grade sheet, which is very clearly laid out on what she wants, you\'ll get an A. You do need to KNOW your speech. She\'s a wonderful teacher, I miss her class even though speech is my number one fear!",nh_white
2826,Paul  Nacozy,Austin Community College,1.7,"His lectures are boring and just talk. Does hand out notes. His test are amazing, not easy, but well made. You can reason out questions and he will accept them if your reasoning is sound. Not a my way or the high way teacher, as long as you prove your answer. Learn the fundamentals of physics by heart and you will pass his class.",hispanic
2846,Vic  Timmer,University of Toronto - St. George Campus,3.2,"He\'s a great guy~I can\'t really blame him for doing so poorly on the final exam. I agree with the previous comment, you really need to know your stuff for the midterm & exams as he does not tell you anything at all. He\'s still one of the better one\'s I\'ve had, very energetic lectures making soil seem somewhat interesting. GoodLuck if you have him",hispanic
2849,John  Curran,Harper College,4.8,Great teacher. Very clear and super intelligent. Kind and cute. I learned a lot.,nh_white
2858,Craig  Stettner,Harper College,3.9,Craig is such an awesome teacher. The content isnt easy to begin with but he makes it better! He cares 150% about his students that is for sure. Kind of nerdy but in the best way - take him you wont regret it!!!,nh_white
2878,Todd  Ballantyne,Harper College,4.7,He is by far my favorite teacher at this school. He may seem cold at first but he is so caring and understanding with each student. As long as you put in the effort you can pass with an easy A.,nh_white
2898,Linda  Burns,Carlow University,2.6,Classes are very boring and she is not very nice if you have to miss her class. She was very rude to me and was not understandable at all. I would not recommend her.,nh_white
2907,Richard  Wilkins,Brigham Young University,2.5,Narrow students can\'t stand his defense of trad\'l family amid a torrent of moral relativism. They\'re the mainstream sheep; he\'s protecting the harder ground. Arrogant? Rather delightfully vulnerable.,nh_black
2914,Tressa  Crehan,University at Buffalo (SUNY Buffalo),4.4,She is one of the best dance teachers I have ever had. Very clear and very helpful.,nh_white
2922,Richard  Burns,Springfield Technical Community College,5.0,HE IS A GREAT TEACHER I LOVE HIM........,hispanic
2942,Jeffrey  Sawyer,University of Baltimore,3.7,AWESOME PROFESSOR His class are tough be expected to read and analyze the material because the questions on mid terms and final exams are not going to directly jump out at you unless you actually read read the material. He is a honest person and he is understandable unlike some professors so just be honest with him and you will do fine,nh_white
2956,Rhoda  Jost,Florida State College at Jacksonville,2.9,"There was a major lack of communication with this professor. She did not return emails and seemed very confused about grading. I would not recommend her. If you can find another professor for this class... go with it. She takes weeks to grade and is very ""last minute"" about it. I paid for her class and yet was never able to communicate with her.",nh_black
2976,Brandie  Siegfried,Brigham Young University,3.9,"One of the most enriching classes I have taken during my undergrad. Dr. Siegfried cares not only about her students but about their academic achievement and challenges you to become a better writer, thinker, and human. Her expectations are incredibly high and getting an A is a challenge, so get ready to read and write but the work is well worth it",nh_black
2996,Klaas  Kraay,Ryerson University,4.5,"Great lectures and articulates the concepts very well. Course materials are very well organized. He provides slides that are fill-in-the-blank so you pay attention, and it\'s not hard to with this teacher. He also records his lectures along with the slides which is a big bonus.",nh_white
